it's talking you about making sliders
because I got to starch these beautiful
potato rolls right here you want to make
sure you get yourself a nice roll I'm
gonna start with these rolls next I went
to the deli and it got some Boar's Head
American cheese if you're gonna go good
why not go the best of course here I got
some ground round let's get started all
right so what I've done here is laid
down a double layer of aluminum foil if
you have the really thick stuff then
just so you can use one but
unfortunately I don't right now so the
next step is take your ground beef now
you're making the slider so what you
want to do is you want to take your
ground beef I'll lift it up a little bit
and smooth it out but you want to make
sure it doesn't really stick you're just
kind of smoothing it out to the point to
where you're gonna cut it into little
square patties once you've got it all
flattened out and you can use a rolling
pin just use it lightly and I would
recommend using waxed paper instead of
foil but I don't have that not a problem
you can still use it it will come off
but wax paper is better because it
slides off easier what you're doing now
is that you've made it flat enough as
you're making those actual beautifully
thin slider patties you don't want them
too thick otherwise you're just eating a
small thick burger if you like it that
way go with it but just for sliders so
here we go take a knife and just start
taking the edges like that now you can
use the extra meat to go ahead and
reform it out and make more patties so
don't think that you're wasting any meat
and as you go along gently use your
knife start cutting the edges and moving
it inside all right I'm gonna fish this
and I'll get back to you in a moment and
here's a basic idea of what it looks
like just simple square patties you can
salt them now I prefer to salt them
after they come off just because it's
all usually falls off
so now you want to just toast those
buttons put them under your broiler for
like thirty Seconds to a minute
depending on how high have the rack and
how strong your broiler is but look how
beautiful alright so we got the burgers
ready let's put them on the pan here
yummy there you go there's your sliders
let's finish them off really quick
you